When I create the color palettes from scratch, I usually use website tools which make the whole
process fast and easy.
In this movie, I will show you my favorite once.
paletton.com
What I like about this Web site is that you don't need to be 100% familiar with the color theory
to create a good color palette here.
You can be sure that the website will always generate color options which are harmonized and go really
well together.
There's a couple of important things to remember.
The right hand side of this screen is generally informational, whereas the left hand side is the place
where you are going to do the whole work.
You are going to work with this color wheel.
As a first step, let's type a base color.
The # must be deleted in order to make it work.
OK.
We have it.
Now we can choose from different color schemes.
First one is monochromatic.
What you can see over here are the shades of green.
If I want to create a more complex palette, I can click on the second icon.
This is a palette with three color options that complemented the green.
Triad, on the other hand, gives me three color options, which are evenly spaced on the color wheel.
Next is tetrad.
It uses four colors arranged in two complementary pairs.
And there are also free style options.
Another interesting thing you can do is navigating to the preview.
Click at 'Default with text' command in order to check out which text color would be best for each color
chunk.
And finally, there is also an option to export your pallets.
mycolor.space
Here you can type RGB or HEX values to generate interesting color options.
stylifyme.com
This website is especially helpful when you need to create a template on the basis of website.
It allows you to research sites efficiently and helps you to make some design decisions regarding the
font type usage, color scheme and photo styles.
The only thing you need to do is pasting the link to a website and clicking 'Stylify Me'.
You can also download your results and share them with others.
This is how you can design your custom color palettes. As you can see,
this process might take some time and of course, it requires some planning and research.
However, if you make a good use of my advice and you will use the websites discussed this lesson,
the whole process will be for sure easier and more effective.